That takes you all to the end
of this awesome capstone.
Hopefully, you learned a lot.
I would suggest you all take
a look at the links and
other resources that we're providing
you at the end of this course.
By this time you should have
hopefully been able to build or
at least get a great idea for
your capstone.
We hope to see a lot of really cool
stuff from everyone on the discussions.
Please post pictures,
explain your system as best as possible.
Imagine right here, we have the camera
set up now, but course five when we did
the multimedia and we set up an
application to constantly take pictures.
I think it was every three seconds or
five seconds or whatever it was.
You're inside your tent,
you're out camping,
you have this propped
up outside your tent.
You've already been charging it all day,
right?
So you have access to all the pictures
that this is taking throughout the night.
If anything pops up,
maybe you CV if it detects a face.
Could send you an alert.
All sorts of really cool stuff.
Stuff that you are able to do with
the camera, the the simple CV,
and the stuff that you learned
throughout the other courses.
Putting in a PIR sensor,
hooking up all sorts of crazy actuators.
Maybe a light sensor that,
we mounted ours on here, but what if you
wanted to put your solar panels over here
and have an actuator with a stepper motor.
That is guided by the light sensor,
so as the sun moves,
the solar panels will also
shift with the sun, right?
So again, the possibilities are endless.
We just wanted to provide you with kind
of a template for you to build around.
You don't have to spend
as much money as we did.
You can spend a lot more and
you can spend less.
It's kind of up to you.
On how intricate you'd like to make your
system and how long you'd like it to last.
So again hope you had fun.
We look forward to seeing you in
later courses, other specializations,
who knows what we'll be doing next.
But you know, keep with Coursera.
Follow us.
Check us out online anywhere you can
find us and we hope you had a good time.
We'll see you around.